How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It narrowed down the posibilities a lot so that I only had to focus on just
    a few lines.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can review changes, or revert to a more stable version of the code
    in cases something goes wrong or just want to go back.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros are that you are in control of what and when to commit, with the
    ability to comment on each commit, making them much more readable. The
    biggest con would be that you may forget to commit or commit a to little
    too much, but I think that with practice it's a great tool.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because when proggraming, a system may be composed of multiple files that
    work together, so for each change it's better to track the state of all the
    files that compose it. On the other hand on Google Drive you tend to save
    documents to be read or edited by themeselves and they don't have interac-
    tion with other files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    By using git log you will retrievea history of the commits, then you
    can compare two of them to show the changes made in the latter. Using this
    will highlight the changes (such as lines added and removed) for an easy
    understanding of what has been done.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It makes me more confident because I can easily track when and where the
    error was commited and backtrack and try to solve it, instead of searching
    throughout the whole code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I'd like to try it for saving different versions of android apps so that
    I can more easily test different features.
